Clarify processing rules for malformed `ext` and `profile` members of JSON:API object (#1607)
json-api/json-api: _format/1.1/index.md

* `profile` - an array of URIs for all applied [profiles].
* `meta` - a [meta] object that contains non-standard meta-information.

> Clients and servers **MUST NOT** use a `ext` or `profile` member for content

Reviewer: Syntax

```suggestion
Clients and servers **MUST NOT** use an `ext` or `profile` member for content
```

> Clients and servers **MUST** ignore a `ext` or `profile` member if its value
> conflicts with `ext` or `profile` media type parameter in the `Content-Type`
> header.

Author: ```suggestion
Clients and servers **MUST NOT** use a `ext` or `profile` member for content
negotiation. Content negotiation **MUST** only happen based on media type
parameters in `Content-Type` header.
```
